the patient was isolated . 
the scientific experiments have shown that in most cases the mrsa is spread from one patient to another through the health staff . 
in view of böröcz , which take the appropriate preventive measures , registered less such infections or stop the spread of the pathogenic agent . 
what , where and who buy on the market even cheaper in the eu , which was quickly ? 
yet he knew he would never to earn as much as the others . 
do you care who they are , where they are and how many are people who listen to your music ? 
the analyst does not believe that the volatility is going to affect the market trend . 
it is the first produced by this government and accepted by the majority of the coalition without the support of the opposition . 
the bank of the american federal reserve , the european central bank and the central banks british and swiss decided to fight together against the financial market crisis . 
" it appears that the situation is really bad , " he added . 
the number of violent actions grew compared with last year in a 27 per cent , and in the helmand province up to 60 per cent . 
the russian gas accounts for a quarter of the supply of the eu . 
" for serbia , said , this does not mean that a compromise is impossible . " 
" these negotiations have been going on for two years . 
the pakistani police on monday the first demonstrations since the establishment of the state of emergency two days before by general musharraf . 
the european union and india hope to sign a free trade agreement in 2008 , said the european commissioner for trade peter mandelson and his indian counterpart , kamal nath . 
another option is a safe third expanded , so that the customer ensures protection against damage to third , but not before the caused in his own car . 
the civil guard was arrested today in the early hours of the morning to the current mayor of the municipality of totana ( peoples party ) for her alleged relationship with the web of corruption destapada this week . 
the chief executive has justified the offer to the former minister because " it is important to have the best " in political life and bono " is among the best " . 
take the car is only the beginning . 
car insurance is an agreement between an insurance company and the insured . 
" sporty spice " whose departure from the group in 1998 " by the differences between us " led to the dissolution of the quintet two years later , also expressed nervousness during a meeting with the press , two hours before the start of the spectacle . 
this time the party is divided and the outcome is far from clear . 
is serving a sentence of more than 24 years . 
a company under the control of kopper bought the bank 's interest in the subsidiary for $ 1 million dollars . 
" there are more of them than you think . " 
and then came the american era . 
in the two planets had water on earth stayed in the oceans , but venus is in the universe . 
horst , the federal president , is concerned about the reputation of germany and it demanded that the grand coalition ended the fight by the reception of dalai lama . 
in the philippines have been paid the rebel soldiers that had been entrenched in a hotel in manila and had demanded the fall of president gloria macapagal arroyo . 
